Portfolio Activity
Name : Ayush Jayeshkumar Shukla
Name three to five strengths that you presently possess, or are working towards acquiring.
1. Programming: Python,Java,C,C++
2.  Cybersecurity Tools
3. Excellent writing skills/Excellent verbal communication
4. Investigation and trouble shooting
5. Risk management and supplements, SIEM, and other gadgets
Give two-to-three values you possess.
1. Protecting people
2. Data privacy
3. From the legal aspect, one can only abide by the laws and compliances.
1 .Specifically, what do I feel most enthusiasmed about in the sphere of cyber security?
The topic that I have warm interest in most is risk that affects institutions and individuals in social networks and Internet sphere and ways of avoiding the risks through cybersecurity.
2 .After I am in the field what would I like to be remembered for?
I envision to be best known for my talent to advance my skills in concordance with the changing world of cyber security and independently come up with new ways of solving modern day security issues most efficiently.
 3.To which target audience can the professional statement be addressed?
   Hence, my professional statement is directed to recruitment agencies and organizations that may want talented, determined, and ethical cybersecurity specialists to boost the security of the organization and the expert.
 4.How I can state my value proposition so that the buyer can get it?
   Regarding the aspects that set me apart, I would like to stress a solid knowledge of cybersecurity, good problem-solving abilities, and adherence to ethical standards together with a desire to learn more and grow professionally.
5 .Specific Programmatically relevant questions include: what do I have to bring to the table to potential employers?
   I present qualified and quantitative protection approach which implies constant search and          prevention of security threats in order to secure important information and resources.
  Thus, I developed my technical proficiency as well as strong personal determination to adhere to ethical approaches to cybersecurity; I am eager to enhance my organizational cybersecurity abilities and further contribute to the safe and secure working and doing environment within an organization.
